Add Issue and Pull Request Templates (#507)
novelrt/NovelRT: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

---
name: Bug Report
about: Create a report to help us improve NovelRT
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

> **_Note: for support questions, please use the #engine-user-help channel in our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/V7SgCkm) or [create a discussion](https://github.com/novelrt/NovelRT/discussions/new). This repository's issues are reserved for feature requests and bug reports._**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_Note: for support questions, please use the #engine-user-help channel in our [Discord](https://discord.novelrt.dev/) or [create a discussion](https://github.com/novelrt/NovelRT/discussions/new). This repository's issues are reserved for feature requests and bug reports._**
```

Author: I forgot we had this loooool (I was trying to find it and couldn't)
